README.md, before:

# GDScript Online

An online GDScript runtime environment. The main use case is to play around
with GDScript without needing to install Godot. This can be useful when
you're using a PC on which you can't run executables downloaded from the Web.

## [Try it out](https://gdscript-online.github.io/)

## Limitations

This is only a minimal script editor for quick testing purposes.
It aims to start up quickly and require few resources.

If you're looking for the full Godot editor running in your browser,
use the official [Godot Engine Web Editor](https://editor.godotengine.org/).

## License

Copyright © 2019-present Hugo Locurcio and contributors

- Unless otherwise specified, files in this repository are licensed under the
  MIT license, see [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for more information.
- The [Hack](https://sourcefoundry.org/hack/) font is licensed under
  the Bitstream Vera and MIT licenses, see
  [fonts/LICENSE.Hack.md](fonts/LICENSE.Hack.md) for more information.
- The [Noto Sans](https://www.google.com/get/noto/) font is licensed under
  the SIL OFL 1.1, see
  [fonts/LICENSE.Noto.txt](fonts/LICENSE.Noto.txt) for more information.

Commit message:

Add maintenance mode notice to README and link to both versions

README.md, after:

# GDScript Online

> [!NOTE]
>
> This repository contains the Godot 3.x version of the project,
> which is in maintenance mode.
>
> Development is most active on the
> [Godot 4.x version of the project](https://github.com/gdscript-online/gdscript-online.github.io).

An online GDScript runtime environment. The main use case is to play around
with GDScript without needing to install Godot. This can be useful when
you're using a PC on which you can't run executables downloaded from the Web.

## [Try it out](https://gdscript-online.github.io/)

- Godot 4.x **(recommended)**: https://gdscript-online.github.io/
- Godot 3.x: https://gdscript-online.github.io/3.x/

## Limitations

This is only a minimal script editor for quick testing purposes.
It aims to start up quickly and require few resources.

If you're looking for the full Godot editor running in your browser,
use the official [Godot Engine Web Editor](https://editor.godotengine.org/).

## License

Copyright © 2019-present Hugo Locurcio and contributors

- Unless otherwise specified, files in this repository are licensed under the
  MIT license, see [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for more information.
- The [Hack](https://sourcefoundry.org/hack/) font is licensed under
  the Bitstream Vera and MIT licenses, see
  [fonts/LICENSE.Hack.md](fonts/LICENSE.Hack.md) for more information.
- The [Noto Sans](https://www.google.com/get/noto/) font is licensed under
  the SIL OFL 1.1, see
  [fonts/LICENSE.Noto.txt](fonts/LICENSE.Noto.txt) for more information.
